[TeX] Allow custom preamble (#1788)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: CHANGELOG.md

* ![Enhancement][badge-enhancement] Update CSS source file for JuliaMono, so that all font variations are included (not just `JuliaMono Regular`) and that the latest version (0.039 -> 0.044) of the font would be used. ([#1780][github-1780], [#1784][github-1784])
* ![Bugfix][badge-bugfix] Fix `strict` mode to properly print errors, not just a warnings. ([#1756][github-1756], [#1776][github-1776])

> * ![Enhancement][badge-enhancement] Better spacing between section number and title. ([#1785][github-1785])
> * ![Enhancement][badge-enhancement] Allow custom preamble. ([#1788][github-1788])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ![Enhancement][badge-enhancement] The table of contents in the generated PDFs have more space between section numbers and titles to avoid them overlapping. ([#1785][github-1785])
* ![Enhancement][badge-enhancement] The preamble of the LaTeX source of the PDF build can now be customized by the user. ([#1746][github-1746], [#1788][github-1788])
```

Also needs

```markdown
[github-1746]: https://github.com/JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl/issues/1746
```

down below, which I can't add here.

Author: - [x] Add `[github-1746]`

Done.
